One day, cutting through the swamp, Tom comes across the remains of an old Indian fortification and discovers a skull with a tomahawk still buried in it. As Tom kicks at the skull, he hears a voice and looks up to see a black man, "neither negro nor Indian" seated on a stump. The man, wearing a red sash around his body, has a soot-stained face, which makes it appear as if he works in some fiery place. Tom soon recognizes the stranger as the devil, Old Scratch. The devil confirms the story of Kidd's buried treasure and offers it to Tom but only on a certain condition, a condition that the story does not state but that is surely the possession of Tom's soul. Old Scratch proves his identity by leaving the imprint of his finger burned into Tom's forehead.Tom was a lucky man. He entered his personal information into a stupid contest and won. What did he win? A Toyota.His friends couldn't believe his luck. They said things like, "He won a Toyota now, eh?". Tom's Twitter account was Taco Cat. He posted his good fortune all over the Internet. His friend, Boston, asked if he'd be willing to give him his old car. Not so, Boston, he told him. This made Boston really mad which caused him to hack some of Tom's other accounts. Tom quickly figured out that Boston was doing this. When he caught him he kindly told him, "Live not on evil, Boston". He and Boston never spoke again. However, Tom heard soon after that Boston started harassing his good friend, Sarah, in much the same way. Sarah was known to put in many hours of non-profit work helping those less fortunate. Why would Boston harass selfless Sarah? Tom was motivated to figure this out. Last time, Tom heard about Boston's whereabouts, he was in New York. Tom asking his good friend Roy if he would make a road trip to New York. "I can travel but with you. But not New York," Roy went on, "Remember our trip to the Yreka Bakery? That was an example of why we should avoid New York. Tom thought "Oh, who was it I saw, oh who?". He couldn't come up with the person though. "Name now one man that you might see in New York to keep you from traveling there, Roy", said Tom. "'Tis Ivan, on a visit", replied Roy.When Tom tells his wife of the encounter, she greedily urges him to accept the bargain, but to spite her he refuses. Unable to change Tom's mind, she decides to make her own pact with the devil, keeping the profits for herself. After an initial inconclusive meeting with Old Scratch, Tom's wife sets out again for the Indian fort, this time taking with her all the household valuables she can carry. When she does not return for several days, Tom, uneasy for his valuables, goes to find her. After a long afternoon's search, he sees hanging in a tree a bundle tied in his wife's apron. Thinking that he has found the valuables, he opens the apron and discovers only a heart and a liver. Evidently, his wife died attempting to deal with Old Scratch as she had formerly dealt with Tom, for around the tree are tufts of black hair obviously pulled from the devil's head. Although unhappy about the disappearance of his valuables, Tom is consoled by the loss of his wife. 